how many buddy what is going on it is
your boy see four year bring you another
projected man 15 overall video you smash
the 15 Mike's on the last one so today
we're doing the st. Louis Rams as always
once this video hits 15 likes we will
upload the next game play if you think a
player should be upgraded or downgraded
make sure you leave a comment in the
comment section below so well further
jumping of the quarterback position we
gave Sam Bradford a debatable 80 overall
I wasn't sure about getting something
higher because he was pretty efficient
but just because they weren't with three
and four while he was playing I kind of
give just give him the solid 80 yet 1600
total yards 14 touchdowns to four
interceptions I think clearly with that
big contract that he has this upcoming
season will be is really prove yourself
year wouldn't i would expect him to to
continue to build on that good hot start
he had last season but until proven
wrong and you know he shows a little bit
more durability he's sticking with the
80 running back Zac Stacy really blew up
onto the scene last year I only started
in 12 games had 1,100 total yards from
scrimmage and eight total touchdowns
could be interesting to see what they do
now with the drafted tre Mason they're
the talented running back out of Auburn
I still think Stacy deserves to be the
starter he's an excellent running back
reminds me of a you know an in-form
Maurice jones-drew really like them into
Vanderbilt as well so we still gave him
the 88 and obviously rookie tre Mason
near 73 could be interesting to see if
they have a 200 running back attack or
something like that at the wire receiver
position Tavon Austin pulling in an 80
overall had a pretty you know weapon ish
season wasn't always the best was theory
but contributed all the time was on the
field be it you know being weird little
hitch plays or you just not even on
special teams as return man finished
here with 40 receptions 500 total yards
all-purpose yards and five touchdowns
giving him the 80 overall I expect him
to build and get a little bit more
involved as a wide receiver this season
you also got Austin Pettis there 76
Kenny Britt coming over from the Titan
75 but yeah tight end position Jared
Cook had a pretty good year last year
which is why we were brought in with an
85 overall yeah finished here with 51
receptions 671 total yards and five
touchdowns so I believe you know as a
super athlete
tight end you know you really need that
to compete with guys like Vernon Davis
in the division so I think 85 are very
just rating for him offensive line jake
long 87 left gary barrett jones 73
center scott wells 79 right guard Rodger
Saffold 88 coming back from after that
whole fuckup debauchery with the Oakland
Raiders this year and right tackle Greg
Robinson rookie Greg Robinson 83 overall
really good pick up there a whole lot of
upside for Craig Robinson at left
defensive end they got Kris Longley who
we gave an 88 overall another very solid
season of crystal on finish near with
eight and a half total sex you know very
very good play they're gonna have a
terrifying defensive line this year the
st. Louis Rams and the opposing side
Robert Quinn debatably coulda gave him a
99 but I figured just give my 96 so he
had just this is his first big break a
year I finished with 19 total sacks 57
tackles this guy was an absolute
monster last year so I mean if you guys
think I should give him a 99 leave a
comment the comment section below and I
will do so but I mean he was pretty much
unstoppable at times last season and
also the defensive tackle you got
Michael Brockers houki we gave him an 85
last year he had five and a half sacks
from the defensive tackle position which
is very impressive and you add that with
kenna leg for two also had a good year
five total sacks but clearly you're
gonna assume that you got Aaron Donald
Michael Brockers as a starting defensive
tackle Aaron Donald used absolute animal
love this pick up the second coming of
John Randle in my opinion so it's going
to be I just think that the Rams are
gonna have a terrifying defensive line
next year I left outside linebacker
rookie Alec Ogletree we gave him an 83
very productive first season a sack and
a half one interception and that well
over 100 total tackles which is all you
can really ask for middle linebacker
James Laurinaitis 88 overall three and a
half sacks two interceptions and again
over a 100 total tackles very efficient
right outside linebacker you definitely
gonna need some more depth there you can
probably see you know I actually like my
boy ray ray armstrong converted safety
I'd like to see him get a little bit
more snaps so I can see and make a push
for starting right outside linebacker
corner to get your North Jenkins the oak
from Florida Gators a couple years ago
you'd a pretty solid season I'll start
all 16 16 games one interception 62
tackles obviously with a guy like and
you may want to see a little bit higher
production you got you know LaMarcus
Joyner to coming in not really sure if
he's going to be exactly a corner kind
of working as a safety you probably be a
bit of hybrid of both Irie like that
versatile signing and Marcus Roberson to
front floored another versatile got
slipped in the draft I could see him
surprising and landing a starting job
day one after campus complete free
safety rodney mcleod we gave him a 74
overall I last you started all 16 games
two interceptions just under 80 tackles
little salt starter there and strong
safety TJ McDonald just started 10 games
last year one sack one interception 60
tackles expect a good secondary season
from him kicker Greg the leg 84 overall
again could be debatably a little bit
higher and punter Johnny hat John hecker
I believe actually made the Pro Bowl to
over uh he shouldn't've over my boy
don't I Jones Donnie football but still
86 overall for John hecker they have it
those are your st. Louis Rams projected
madden 15 overalls it's always let's get
this video to 15 likes make sure you
subscribe to beast mode TV and as always
it's your boy c for saying peace oh